Update ownCloud Web for Users (#67)
owncloud/docs-webui: modules/owncloud_web/pages/web_for_users.adoc

= ownCloud Web for Users
:toc: right
// screenshots still to be added.

> :description: This sections describes the web UI from a regular user's perspective without administrator privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: These sections describe the web UI from a regular user's perspective without administrator privileges.
```

Reviewer: Or "This section describes..."
